README.md, before:

Currents
========

[![Swift 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-2.0-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://developer.apple.com/swift/)
[![Platforms OS X | iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platforms-OS%20X%20%7C%20iOS-lightgray.svg?style=flat)](https://developer.apple.com/swift/)
[![Cocoapods Compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cocoapods-Compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Currents)
[![Carthage Compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-Compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![License MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Passing-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/Zewo/Currents)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/Zewo/Currents/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/Zewo/Currents?branch=master)

**Currents** is a TCP/IP library for **Swift 2**.

## Features

- [x] No `Foundation` dependency (**Linux ready**)
- [x] Local IP
- [x] Remote IP
- [x] TCP Server Socket
- [x] TCP Client Socket

## Usage

`IP`
----

```swift
// local
do {
    // all network interfaces
    let ip1 = try IP(port: 5555, mode: .IPV4)
    
    // specific network interface
    let ip2 = try IP(networkInterface: "en0", port: 5555, mode: .IPV6)
} catch {
    // something bad happened :(
}

// remote
do {
    let ip3 = try IP(address: "127.0.0.1", port: 5555, mode: .IPV4)
} catch {
    // something bad happened :(
}
```

`TCP`
----

```swift
// server
do {
	let ip = try IP(port: 5555)
	let serverSocket = try TCPServerSocket(ip: ip)
	let clientSocket = try serverSocket.accept()
	
	let yo = try clientSocket.receiveString(untilDelimiter: "\n")
} catch {
    // something bad happened :(
}

// client
do {
	let ip = try IP(address: "127.0.0.1", port: 5555)
	let clientSocket = try TCPClientSocket(ip: ip)
	
	// calls to send append the data to an internal
	// buffer to minimize system calls
	try clientSocket.sendString("yo\n")
	// flush actually sends all data in the buffer
	try clientSocket.flush()
} catch {
    // something bad happened :(
}
```

## Installation

### CocoaPods

[CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is a dependency manager for Cocoa projects. You can install it with the following command:

```bash
$ gem install cocoapods
```

> CocoaPods 0.39.0+ is required to build Currents.

To integrate Currents into your Xcode project using CocoaPods, specify it in your `Podfile`:

```ruby
source 'https://github.com/CocoaPods/Specs.git'
use_frameworks!

pod 'Currents', '0.2'
```

Then, run the following command:

```bash
$ pod install
```

### Carthage

[Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is a decentralized dependency manager that automates the process of adding frameworks to your Cocoa application.

You can install Carthage with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) using the following command:

```bash
$ brew update
$ brew install carthage
```

To integrate **Currents** into your Xcode project using Carthage, specify it in your `Cartfile`:

```ogdl
github "Zewo/Currents" == 0.2
```

### Manually

If you prefer not to use a dependency manager, you can integrate **Currents** into your project manually.

#### Embedded Framework

- Open up Terminal, `cd` into your top-level project directory, and run the following command "if" your project is not initialized as a git repository:

```bash
$ git init
```

- Add **Currents** as a git [submodule](http://git-scm.com/docs/git-submodule) by running the following command:

```bash
$ git submodule add https://github.com/Zewo/Currents.git
```

- Open the new `Currents` folder, and drag the `Currents.xcodeproj` into the Project Navigator of your application's Xcode project.

    > It should appear nested underneath your application's blue project icon. Whether it is above or below all the other Xcode groups does not matter.

- Select the `Currents.xcodeproj` in the Project Navigator and verify the deployment target matches that of your application target.
- Next, select your application project in the Project Navigator (blue project icon) to navigate to the target configuration window and select the application target under the "Targets" heading in the sidebar.
- In the tab bar at the top of that window, open the "General" panel.
- Click on the `+` button under the "Embedded Binaries" section.
- You will see two different `Currents.xcodeproj` folders each with two different versions of the `Currents.framework` nested inside a `Products` folder.

    > It does not matter which `Products` folder you choose from, but it does matter whether you choose the top or bottom `Currents.framework`.

- Select the top `Currents.framework` for OS X and the bottom one for iOS.

    > You can verify which one you selected by inspecting the build log for your project. The build target for `Currents` will be listed as either `Currents iOS` or `Currents OSX`.

- And that's it!

> The `Currents.framework` is automagically added as a target dependency, linked framework and embedded framework in a copy files build phase which is all you need to build on the simulator and a device.

License
-------

**Currents** is released under the MIT license. See LICENSE for details.

Commit message:

add command line application install instructions

README.md, after:

Currents
========

[![Swift 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-2.0-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://developer.apple.com/swift/)
[![Platforms OS X | iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platforms-OS%20X%20%7C%20iOS-lightgray.svg?style=flat)](https://developer.apple.com/swift/)
[![Cocoapods Compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cocoapods-Compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Currents)
[![Carthage Compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-Compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![License MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Passing-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/Zewo/Currents)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/Zewo/Currents/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/Zewo/Currents?branch=master)

**Currents** is a TCP/IP library for **Swift 2**.

## Features

- [x] No `Foundation` dependency (**Linux ready**)
- [x] Local IP
- [x] Remote IP
- [x] TCP Server Socket
- [x] TCP Client Socket

## Usage

`IP`
----

```swift
// local
do {
    // all network interfaces
    let ip1 = try IP(port: 5555, mode: .IPV4)
    
    // specific network interface
    let ip2 = try IP(networkInterface: "en0", port: 5555, mode: .IPV6)
} catch {
    // something bad happened :(
}

// remote
do {
    let ip3 = try IP(address: "127.0.0.1", port: 5555, mode: .IPV4)
} catch {
    // something bad happened :(
}
```

`TCP`
----

```swift
// server
do {
	let ip = try IP(port: 5555)
	let serverSocket = try TCPServerSocket(ip: ip)
	let clientSocket = try serverSocket.accept()
	
	let yo = try clientSocket.receiveString(untilDelimiter: "\n")
} catch {
    // something bad happened :(
}

// client
do {
	let ip = try IP(address: "127.0.0.1", port: 5555)
	let clientSocket = try TCPClientSocket(ip: ip)
	
	// calls to send append the data to an internal
	// buffer to minimize system calls
	try clientSocket.sendString("yo\n")
	// flush actually sends all data in the buffer
	try clientSocket.flush()
} catch {
    // something bad happened :(
}
```

## Installation

### CocoaPods

[CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is a dependency manager for Cocoa projects. You can install it with the following command:

```bash
$ gem install cocoapods
```

> CocoaPods 0.39.0+ is required to build Currents.

To integrate Currents into your Xcode project using CocoaPods, specify it in your `Podfile`:

```ruby
source 'https://github.com/CocoaPods/Specs.git'
use_frameworks!

pod 'Currents', '0.2'
```

Then, run the following command:

```bash
$ pod install
```

### Carthage

[Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is a decentralized dependency manager that automates the process of adding frameworks to your Cocoa application.

You can install Carthage with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) using the following command:

```bash
$ brew update
$ brew install carthage
```

To integrate **Currents** into your Xcode project using Carthage, specify it in your `Cartfile`:

```ogdl
github "Zewo/Currents" == 0.2
```

### Manually

If you prefer not to use a dependency manager, you can integrate **Currents** into your project manually.

#### Embedded Framework

- Open up Terminal, `cd` into your top-level project directory, and run the following command "if" your project is not initialized as a git repository:

```bash
$ git init
```

- Add **Currents** as a git [submodule](http://git-scm.com/docs/git-submodule) by running the following command:

```bash
$ git submodule add https://github.com/Zewo/Currents.git
```

- Open the new `Currents` folder, and drag the `Currents.xcodeproj` into the Project Navigator of your application's Xcode project.

    > It should appear nested underneath your application's blue project icon. Whether it is above or below all the other Xcode groups does not matter.

- Select the `Currents.xcodeproj` in the Project Navigator and verify the deployment target matches that of your application target.
- Next, select your application project in the Project Navigator (blue project icon) to navigate to the target configuration window and select the application target under the "Targets" heading in the sidebar.
- In the tab bar at the top of that window, open the "General" panel.
- Click on the `+` button under the "Embedded Binaries" section.
- You will see two different `Currents.xcodeproj` folders each with two different versions of the `Currents.framework` nested inside a `Products` folder.

    > It does not matter which `Products` folder you choose from, but it does matter whether you choose the top or bottom `Currents.framework`.

- Select the top `Currents.framework` for OS X and the bottom one for iOS.

    > You can verify which one you selected by inspecting the build log for your project. The build target for `Currents` will be listed as either `Currents iOS` or `Currents OSX`.

- And that's it!

> The `Currents.framework` is automagically added as a target dependency, linked framework and embedded framework in a copy files build phase which is all you need to build on the simulator and a device.

###Command Line Application

To use **Currents** in a command line application:

- Install the [Swift Command Line Application](https://github.com/Zewo/Swift-Command-Line-Application-Template) Xcode template
- Follow [Cocoa Pods](#cocoapods), [Carthage](#carthage) or [Embedded Framework](#embedded-framework) instructions.

License
-------

**Currents** is released under the MIT license. See LICENSE for details.
